TypeSpec compiler v1.14.0

Diagnostics were reported during compilation:

main.tsp:43:3 - warning tsp-lintdiff-local-linter/latest-version-of-common-types-must-be-used: Use the latest ARM common-types version 'v6' instead of 'v5'.
main.tsp:43:3 - warning tsp-lintdiff-local-linter/preview-version-over-one-year: Preview API version '2024-08-01-preview' has been in preview for over one year. Move it to GA or retire it.
models.tsp:700:3 - warning tsp-lintdiff-local-linter/enum-instead-of-boolean: Consider using an enum instead of a boolean property so the API shape is more descriptive.
models.tsp:705:3 - warning tsp-lintdiff-local-linter/enum-instead-of-boolean: Consider using an enum instead of a boolean property so the API shape is more descriptive.
models.tsp:710:3 - warning tsp-lintdiff-local-linter/enum-instead-of-boolean: Consider using an enum instead of a boolean property so the API shape is more descriptive.
models.tsp:790:3 - warning tsp-lintdiff-local-linter/enum-instead-of-boolean: Consider using an enum instead of a boolean property so the API shape is more descriptive.
models.tsp:805:3 - warning tsp-lintdiff-local-linter/enum-instead-of-boolean: Consider using an enum instead of a boolean property so the API shape is more descriptive.
models.tsp:841:3 - warning tsp-lintdiff-local-linter/enum-instead-of-boolean: Consider using an enum instead of a boolean property so the API shape is more descriptive.
models.tsp:944:3 - warning tsp-lintdiff-local-linter/enum-instead-of-boolean: Consider using an enum instead of a boolean property so the API shape is more descriptive.
models.tsp:974:3 - warning tsp-lintdiff-local-linter/enum-instead-of-boolean: Consider using an enum instead of a boolean property so the API shape is more descriptive.
models.tsp:999:3 - warning tsp-lintdiff-local-linter/enum-instead-of-boolean: Consider using an enum instead of a boolean property so the API shape is more descriptive.
models.tsp:1067:3 - warning tsp-lintdiff-local-linter/enum-instead-of-boolean: Consider using an enum instead of a boolean property so the API shape is more descriptive.
models.tsp:1082:3 - warning tsp-lintdiff-local-linter/enum-instead-of-boolean: Consider using an enum instead of a boolean property so the API shape is more descriptive.
models.tsp:1200:3 - warning tsp-lintdiff-local-linter/enum-instead-of-boolean: Consider using an enum instead of a boolean property so the API shape is more descriptive.
models.tsp:1225:3 - warning tsp-lintdiff-local-linter/enum-instead-of-boolean: Consider using an enum instead of a boolean property so the API shape is more descriptive.
models.tsp:1322:3 - warning tsp-lintdiff-local-linter/enum-instead-of-boolean: Consider using an enum instead of a boolean property so the API shape is more descriptive.
models.tsp:1327:3 - warning tsp-lintdiff-local-linter/enum-instead-of-boolean: Consider using an enum instead of a boolean property so the API shape is more descriptive.
models.tsp:1332:3 - warning tsp-lintdiff-local-linter/enum-instead-of-boolean: Consider using an enum instead of a boolean property so the API shape is more descriptive.
models.tsp:1392:3 - warning tsp-lintdiff-local-linter/enum-instead-of-boolean: Consider using an enum instead of a boolean property so the API shape is more descriptive.
models.tsp:1412:3 - warning tsp-lintdiff-local-linter/enum-instead-of-boolean: Consider using an enum instead of a boolean property so the API shape is more descriptive.
models.tsp:1511:3 - warning tsp-lintdiff-local-linter/enum-instead-of-boolean: Consider using an enum instead of a boolean property so the API shape is more descriptive.
models.tsp:1526:3 - warning tsp-lintdiff-local-linter/enum-instead-of-boolean: Consider using an enum instead of a boolean property so the API shape is more descriptive.
models.tsp:1581:3 - warning tsp-lintdiff-local-linter/enum-instead-of-boolean: Consider using an enum instead of a boolean property so the API shape is more descriptive.
models.tsp:1596:3 - warning tsp-lintdiff-local-linter/enum-instead-of-boolean: Consider using an enum instead of a boolean property so the API shape is more descriptive.
models.tsp:1675:3 - warning tsp-lintdiff-local-linter/enum-instead-of-boolean: Consider using an enum instead of a boolean property so the API shape is more descriptive.
models.tsp:1695:3 - warning tsp-lintdiff-local-linter/enum-instead-of-boolean: Consider using an enum instead of a boolean property so the API shape is more descriptive.
models.tsp:1715:3 - warning tsp-lintdiff-local-linter/enum-instead-of-boolean: Consider using an enum instead of a boolean property so the API shape is more descriptive.
models.tsp:1818:3 - warning tsp-lintdiff-local-linter/enum-instead-of-boolean: Consider using an enum instead of a boolean property so the API shape is more descriptive.
SecurityConnector.tsp:55:3 - warning tsp-lintdiff-local-linter/xms-examples-required: Please provide x-ms-examples describing minimum/maximum property set for response/request payloads for operations.
SecurityConnector.tsp:60:3 - warning tsp-lintdiff-local-linter/xms-examples-required: Please provide x-ms-examples describing minimum/maximum property set for response/request payloads for operations.
models.tsp:352:3 - warning tsp-lintdiff-local-linter/patch-body-parameters-schema: Properties of a PATCH request body must not be required, property:properties.environmentData.environmentType.
SecurityConnector.tsp:69:3 - warning tsp-lintdiff-local-linter/xms-examples-required: Please provide x-ms-examples describing minimum/maximum property set for response/request payloads for operations.
SecurityConnector.tsp:78:3 - warning tsp-lintdiff-local-linter/xms-examples-required: Please provide x-ms-examples describing minimum/maximum property set for response/request payloads for operations.
SecurityConnector.tsp:83:3 - warning tsp-lintdiff-local-linter/xms-examples-required: Please provide x-ms-examples describing minimum/maximum property set for response/request payloads for operations.
SecurityConnector.tsp:92:3 - warning tsp-lintdiff-local-linter/xms-examples-required: Please provide x-ms-examples describing minimum/maximum property set for response/request payloads for operations.

Found 35 warnings.

